
1.0: PROJECT DESCRIPTION.

“BOSP” is an E-commerce application that customers can purchase soup products for HanWoo Corporation.
This is a company specific website/mobile application. Clients can do a several things through this website.

1) Create accounts
2) Search for products
3) Buy products
4) View past purchases

BOSP is a tangible app that clients can access to buy products online, instead of visiting the store itself.
Customers can select products and update the quantities of each product. This app has integrated clients’ banks
to allow for online purchasing. Also, during purchasing, shipping cost is affected depending on client’s address,
and after purchasing, the company’s inventory is affected. Lastly, depending on the client’s address, the shipping
time gets setup, where the app would pass down the summary of the order to the shipping portion of the company.
Then the shipping part of the company will send out products to the client.

1.1: KEY REQUIREMENTS.

1.1.0 Login/New Account
BOSP presents a menu of options to the end user; Login, New Account or Continue as Guest

1.1.1 New Account
BOSP allows tester to input name, phone number, address, and email address

1.1.2 Account Information confirmed
BOSP shows account information for tester to confirm.

1.1.3 Account confirmation
BOSP prompts “yes” or “no” for test-taker to input. (if “no,” test-taker re-writes the account information)

1.1.4 Credit card input
BOSP allows tester to input credit card information.

1.1.5 Credit card confirmed
BOSP credit card confirms the information.

1.1.6 Create Account
BOSP presents a menu of options to the end user; create account.

1.1.7 Login&Password
BOSP allows tester to input login and password.

1.1.8 Login&Password confirm
BOSP prompts confirmation that the tester have logged in.

1.1.9 Write & Save Account information
BOSP writes account information to a text file, and saves the information.

1.2.0 Login&Password confirm 2
BOSP retrieves saved account information, when a client logs in.

1.2.1 Products / Shopping Cart
BOSP presents a menu of options to the end user; 1. Products 2. Shopping cart

1.2.2 Products
BOSP presents a menu of options to the end user; 1. Gom Soup 2. Gom Tang Soup 3. Bulgo Soup 4. Spicy Soup

1.2.3 Selected Products
BOSP presents selected products to the end user.

1.2.4 Write, Save & Read Selected Products
BOSP writes selected products to a dat file and saves the information to client order file.

1.2.5 Calculating Total Cost
BOSP calculates and presents the total price of selected products.

1.2.6 Customer Credit Card
BOSP prompts credit card information, and confirms with customer.

1.2.7 Customer Purchase Options
BOSP presents a menu of options to the user; 1. Purchase 2. Product

1.2.8 Customer Purchase
BOSP confirms purchase and presents order summary to the end user.

1.2.9 Writing order/invoice concurrently
BOSP writes customer’s selected order to the client order file and invoice to the employee invoice file concurrently.

1.3.0 Inventory Confirmation and Decrease (NOT PERFORMED)
As order is processed by the end user, BOSP accesses the inventory file and checks to see if there is enough product.
If there is, then purchased products’ number decreases in the inventory file.

1.3.1  Writing to SQL Database
BOSP writes new account information, purchase information, and product information to the SQL database.

1.3.2 Creating query from SQL Database
BOSP creates customer query, customer/purchase query, and product query.


2.0: CLASS MODEL, USE CASE AND SEQUENCE DIAGRAM

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19ebOHP6zntcXP9BQ5SePFCbD2OxxYTY516GqXqrX2qU/edit#gid=0

